ROLE
You are a senior front-end engineer and conversion-focused web designer. Build a
production-ready, single-page sales site for a digital product sold in India.

STACK — non-negotiable
- Plain semantic HTML + modern CSS + vanilla JavaScript. No React, no Next.js, no
  Tailwind, no build step, no npm dependencies.
- Deployable as a Replit Static Deployment. Everything must work from a static file
  server with no backend.
- File layout: index.html, /assets/css/site.css, /assets/js/site.js,
  /assets/js/exit-clock.js, /assets/img/, /tool/index.html, /about/index.html,
  /privacy/index.html, /terms/index.html, /refund/index.html,
  /thank-you/index.html, 404.html, robots.txt, sitemap.xml.
- Total page weight under 400KB excluding images. No external JS libraries at all.

BRAND
Name: Exit Clock. Product: "The Layoff Kit — by Exit Clock".
Positioning: an education and awareness brand that teaches Indian IT professionals what
happens — and on what timeline — when a job ends. Dates, entitlements, deadlines. Not
legal advice, not HR-speak, not motivational layoff content.
Voice: warm, direct, specific. Short sentences. No hype, no emoji, no exclamation marks,
no "unlock your potential" language. Numbers and dates carry the emotion.

PALETTE (use exactly these tokens)
  --navy:      #0B1B30   (primary dark ground, hero, footer)
  --navy-soft: #14304A   (secondary dark surfaces)
  --yellow:    #FFCF33   (single accent — CTAs, clock numerals, underlines)
  --ink:       #142029   (body text on light)
  --ink-soft:  #4A5865
  --ground:    #F4F6F8   (page background)
  --panel:     #FFFFFF
  --line:      #D7DFE6
  --amber:     #A25A15   (caution notes only)
Yellow is the ONLY accent. Never use it for body text. Never use a gradient, glassmorphism,
purple-to-blue SaaS look, or a 3D blob. Think financial-newspaper clarity, not startup deck.

TYPOGRAPHY
Headings: Archivo 700/800. Body: Public Sans 400/500/600. Numerals in the clock cards and
tool: IBM Plex Mono 500. Load from Google Fonts with preconnect + display=swap, weights
limited to exactly those listed. Base body size 16.5px, line-height 1.6, headings with
letter-spacing -0.022em and text-wrap: balance.

AUDIENCE
Indian IT/ITES professionals, 26–42, in Bengaluru, Hyderabad, Pune, NCR, Chennai. Service
companies, GCCs and product firms. Salaried, EPF-covered, English/Hinglish, mobile-first.
They arrive in one of three states and the page must speak to all three:
  ANXIOUS   — rumours in the org, nothing announced. Wants preparedness.
  NOTIFIED  — notice served, clock running. Wants to know what to demand, by when.
  EXITED    — mid-F&F, chasing settlement. Wants to know what's withheld and what recourse.

PAGE STRUCTURE — build in this exact order

0. ANNOUNCEMENT BAR (navy, one line, dismissible, state saved in memory only)
   "Founding price: ₹999 for the first 50 buyers. It goes up after that — and you keep this
   edition's updates free."
   No countdown timer. No fake stock counter. Ever.

1. STICKY HEADER
   Left: wordmark "EXIT CLOCK" in Archivo 800, with a small square clock glyph in yellow.
   Right: links — Free tool · What's inside · Pricing · FAQ · About — plus a yellow button
   "Get the Kit — ₹999". On mobile: wordmark + button only, links collapse into a menu.
   Header gets a subtle shadow after 40px of scroll.

2. HERO (navy ground, full-bleed)
   H1: "Most people sign their exit papers before they know what they're owed."
   Sub: "Four clocks start on your last working day. Wages inside two working days.
   Gratuity inside thirty. A provident-fund withdrawal that can cost you 10% in tax if you
   get the timing wrong. And a health policy that may already have ended without anyone
   telling you."
   Line 2: "The Layoff Kit is the India-specific system for the weeks either side of an
   exit — what to ask, what to check, what to sign, and what your runway actually is."
   Primary CTA (yellow): "Build your exit schedule — free" → scrolls to #tool
   Secondary CTA (outline): "Get the Kit — ₹999" → checkout URL
   Under the buttons, small: "No account. Nothing leaves your browser."

3. FOUR CLOCKS STRIP (directly below hero, sitting on the navy, 4 columns → 2 → 1)
   Each card: a large mono numeral in yellow, a label, one line of rule.
   "2 working days"  — Wages due after your last working day, under the Code on Wages
   "30 days"         — The window in which gratuity is generally payable once it becomes due
   "1 and 2 months"  — When a PF advance, then final settlement, become available
   "Unknown"         — The date your employer's health cover ends, until you get it in writing
   The fourth card is deliberately the odd one out — style its numeral in white, not yellow.

4. THE FREE TOOL  (id="tool", light ground, the emotional centre of the page)
   Heading: "Enter your last working day. Get every deadline that follows."
   Embed the Exit Clock deadline tool I am uploading (06_Exit_Clock_Deadline_Tool.html).
   Port its logic into /assets/js/exit-clock.js and restyle it to this palette. It must run
   entirely client-side — no dates, salaries or names are ever sent anywhere.
   EMAIL GATE, implemented exactly like this:
     - On submit, immediately show the FIRST TWO deadlines in full, free, with no email.
     - Below them, a blurred/locked panel: "Your full schedule — 9 more dates, the rule
       behind each one, and the exact wording to send HR."
     - One email field + button "Email me my schedule". POST to FORM_ENDPOINT_PLACEHOLDER.
     - On success, unlock the full schedule inline AND offer a "Download as PDF" that uses
       window.print() against a print stylesheet. No server needed.
     - A person who refuses the email still keeps the two free deadlines. Never take away
       something already shown.
   Under the tool: "Free, and free forever. This runs in your browser — your dates never
   reach a server."

5. THE PROBLEM (light)
   Heading: "The facts are public. They're just scattered, dated, and easy to find three
   weeks too late."
   Intro: "Almost everything written about layoffs in India is either American advice that
   doesn't apply, or a ₹99 PDF assembled from blog posts."
   Then five fact cards, each with the claim in bold, one sentence of consequence, and a
   small mono line "Verified: Sept 2026 · source: [SOURCE_PLACEHOLDER]":
   a) The four Labour Codes came into force in November 2025 and introduced a common
      definition of "wages" with a 50% allowance rule that can change the base your gratuity
      is calculated on. An old salary-structure calculator can now give you the wrong number.
   b) Gratuity is generally 15 days' wages for each completed year, currently capped at
      ₹20 lakh — and fixed-term employees became eligible at one year, not five, on contract
      expiry.
   c) A taxable PF withdrawal before five years of continuous service can attract 10% TDS
      under section 192A above ₹50,000. Service with a previous employer can count, if the
      PF was transferred.
   d) Leave encashment for non-government employees is exempt only up to a statutory ceiling
      currently at ₹25 lakh, on a lower-of calculation — and whether you can encash at all is
      set by your employer's policy.
   e) Group medical cover can end on your last working day, at month end, or on some other
      policy-defined date. Not, as most people assume, at the end of a severance period.

6. WHO IT'S FOR — three cards, each headed by the state, in plain second person
   "You were laid off this week." / "You think it's coming." / "You've been out a while."
   Use the three paragraphs I am providing in SALES_PAGE_COPY.md verbatim.

7. WHAT YOU GET (navy ground, so it reads as the product block)
   Six items with page counts, as a 2-column grid of cards:
   - The Exit Clock — free, and free forever (browser-only deadline tool)
   - The 37-page India Edition playbook — twelve modules, each ending in something you made
   - The 22-page Action Workbook — twenty worksheets
   - The Financial Runway Calculator — burn, runway, stress date, dues tracker, offer scorecard
   - Ten role packs — backend, frontend, QA, DevOps, data, embedded, security, product,
     sales, marketing. Each with a 30-day proof project.
   - The Scripts Pack — the exact wording for HR, F&F follow-ups and insurance queries
   Above the grid, a product mock: the cover images I upload, fanned, with a soft shadow.

8. WHAT YOU SHOULD BE ABLE TO DO AFTERWARDS
   Seven checklist lines, yellow tick marks, from SALES_PAGE_COPY.md verbatim. This is the
   outcome block — do not turn it into feature bullets.

9. ABOUT THE AUTHOR (light, two columns: photo left, copy right)
   Headshot left. Name and credential line as the heading:
     "Subarna Das"
     "Tech professional with more than a decade in the IT industry — and a manager who had to
      tell people what came next."
   Sub-heading: "Why I built this". Then this body copy, verbatim, paragraph breaks preserved:

     "Someone close to me signed a settlement without asking for a component-wise breakdown. By
     the time we realised what was missing, the people who could have fixed it had stopped
     replying.

     Then I started seeing the same gaps everywhere — missed deadlines, benefits ending without
     warning, and people accepting full-and-final figures they couldn't actually verify.

     I got tired of explaining the same things over WhatsApp. So I looked for something
     India-specific to share. What I found was either American advice that didn't apply here or
     ₹99 PDFs stitched together from blogs.

     The real answers exist — buried in government portals and written in language nobody wants
     to decode during the worst week of their working life.

     So I built this to make those answers simple, practical, and usable when people actually
     need them."

   Then a bordered note, visually distinct, headed "What I am, and what I am not":
     "I am not a lawyer, a chartered accountant, an insurance adviser or a financial planner.
     Nothing here is advice about your specific situation. What this kit does is narrower: it
     tells you which questions to ask, which deadlines start when, and where the official rule
     actually lives — so that when you do talk to HR, or a CA, or a lawyer, you already know
     what you're asking about."
   It is a trust device, not fine print — do not shrink it or grey it out.
   Link "Read the full research note" to /about.

10. PRICING — ONE card, centred, max-width 34rem
   Eyebrow: "One bundle. No tiers."
   Price: ₹999 in large Archivo, with ₹1,499 struck through beside it in ink-soft.
   Under it: "Founding price for the first 50 buyers."
   Anchor line: "About a day of a mid-level salary, against a settlement usually worth lakhs."
   A short included-list repeating the six items in one line each.
   Button (yellow, full width): "Get the Layoff Kit — ₹999" → CHECKOUT_URL_PLACEHOLDER,
   target="_blank" rel="noopener".
   Under the button, three reassurance lines with small icons: "UPI, cards, netbanking" ·
   "Instant download" · "7 days, no questions, full refund".
   NO pricing table. NO tier comparison. NO "most popular" badge.

11. FAQ — accordion using native <details>/<summary>, first one open.
   Use the seven "Honest answers" from SALES_PAGE_COPY.md verbatim, including the answers
   that say No. Do not soften them.

12. FINAL CTA (navy)
   "You cannot control whether the layoff happens. You can control whether you find out
   about a deadline before it passes, or three weeks after."
   Two buttons: free tool, and buy.

13. FOOTER
   Wordmark, one-line description, Instagram @exit.clock, contact email, and links to
   /about, /privacy, /terms, /refund, changelog.
   Legal line, always visible, never hidden in a modal:
   "General educational information for India. Not legal, tax, investment or medical advice.
   Verify current rules before high-stakes decisions. Exit Clock is not affiliated with EPFO,
   ESIC, IRDAI or any government body."

SUPPORTING PAGES — build real ones, not stubs
/about        full author page, research sources, "why it will not be right forever"
/privacy      what the tool does not collect; what the email list is used for
/terms        licence, single-user, no redistribution
/refund       7 days, no questions, how to ask, how long the refund takes
/thank-you    post-purchase: how to open the files, where to start by situation
404.html      on-brand, links back to the tool

TECHNICAL STANDARDS — treat these as acceptance criteria
- Mobile-first. Must be correct and comfortable at 360px wide. No horizontal scroll at any
  width. Minimum 16px side gutters. Tap targets ≥44px.
- Fluid type with clamp(). Layout with CSS grid + flex, container queries where a component
  needs them. No fixed pixel widths on containers.
- Core Web Vitals: LCP under 2.0s on 4G, CLS effectively zero (every image gets explicit
  width/height or aspect-ratio), INP under 200ms. Hero text is the LCP element — no hero
  image that competes with it.
- Images: WebP with correct dimensions, loading="lazy" on everything below the fold,
  fetchpriority="high" on nothing except a genuine hero image if one exists.
- Accessibility to WCAG 2.2 AA: real landmark elements, one h1, logical heading order,
  visible focus rings (2px yellow with offset), all interactive elements keyboard-reachable,
  aria-expanded on the mobile menu, contrast ≥4.5:1 for body text — check yellow-on-navy and
  fix if it fails, prefers-reduced-motion honoured (kill all transforms and scroll animation).
- Dark mode: define the full light palette on bare :root, then override only the tokens
  inside @media (prefers-color-scheme: dark). Body always gets an explicit background.
- SEO: unique title and meta description, canonical link, Open Graph + Twitter card with a
  1200x630 image, JSON-LD for Product (with offers, priceCurrency INR) and FAQPage, sitemap.xml,
  robots.txt.
- Analytics: leave a clearly commented placeholder block for a privacy-friendly script
  (Plausible or Umami). Do not add Google Analytics. Do not set any cookie.
- Track outbound clicks on every CTA with a single data-cta="..." attribute and one delegated
  listener, so I can wire analytics later in one place.
- Print stylesheet so the tool's schedule prints cleanly on A4.

KNOWN VALUES — use these directly, do not make them placeholders:
  contact email     exitclock2026@gmail.com
  instagram         https://instagram.com/exit.clock
  price             999 (founding) / 1499 (list)  — define ONCE in the CONFIG object

PLACEHOLDERS — put every one in a single CONFIG object at the top of site.js, and list them
in a README so I can find them in 30 seconds:
  CHECKOUT_URL_PLACEHOLDER, FORM_ENDPOINT_PLACEHOLDER, CHANGELOG_URL_PLACEHOLDER,
  ANALYTICS_PLACEHOLDER

SOURCE LINKS for the five fact cards in section 5 — use these, all verified 16 Sep 2026:
  a) Labour Codes / wages definition  https://www.labour.gov.in/  (in force 21 Nov 2025,
     corrigendum 19 Dec 2025)
  b) Gratuity                          https://www.labour.gov.in/  (Code on Social Security, 2020)
  c) EPF s.192A TDS                    https://www.incometax.gov.in/  and https://www.epfindia.gov.in/
  d) Leave encashment                  https://www.incometax.gov.in/  (CBDT Notification 31/2023)
  e) Health cover / portability        https://irdai.gov.in/
Each card's stamp reads "Verified: 16 Sep 2026". Do not invent a deeper link than these —
a wrong deep link is worse than a portal link.

HARD RULES — violating any of these is a failed build
- Never invent a testimonial, a review, a star rating, a buyer count, a logo wall, or a
  "featured in" strip. There are no customers yet. Leave a commented empty section where
  testimonials will go later.
- Never add a countdown timer, a fake low-stock counter, an exit-intent popup, or a
  spinning-wheel discount. The founding-price-at-50 line is the only urgency on this page.
- Never write a claim I did not give you. If you need connective copy, keep it factual and
  flag it in the README as "agent-written, needs review".
- Never promise a job, an interview, a settlement figure, or eligibility for any government
  benefit.
- Never use the words: unlock, supercharge, game-changer, revolutionary, journey, empower,
  hustle, grind, 10x.
- No lorem ipsum anywhere. No placeholder stock photos of people in offices.

DELIVER
Working site, plus a README.md listing: every placeholder and where it lives, the palette
tokens, and how to change the price in one place. Then tell me the three things you were
least sure about.